[WIP] Doc Only: Update gitrepository.md about Github Apps (#3548)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/models/extras/gitrepository.md

When defining a Git repository for Nautobot to consume, the `name`, `remote URL`, and `branch` parameters are mandatory - the name acts as a unique identifier, and the remote URL and branch are needed for Nautobot to be able to locate and access the specified repository. Additionally, if the repository is private you may specify a `token` and any associated `username` that can be used to grant access to the repository.

> !!! note
>     GitHub Apps are not currently supported. GitHub Apps are not specifically focused on the workflow of creating/updating/deleting files. They can indeed perform these actions, but in order to accomplish that the client side MUST hit GitHub APIs instead of using standard command line or Python Git library tooling. At this time this functionality does not exist. 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
!!! note
    GitHub Apps are not currently supported. GitHub Apps are not specifically focused on the workflow of creating/updating/deleting files.  Nautobot only supports repositories that can be cloned using standard git command line using `git clone`. 

```

Author: committed suggestion. Thanks!

> !!! note
>     GitHub Apps are not currently supported. GitHub Apps are not specifically focused on the workflow of creating/updating/deleting files. They can indeed perform these actions, but in order to accomplish that the client side MUST hit GitHub APIs instead of using standard command line or Python Git library tooling. At this time this functionality does not exist. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Nautobot currently only supports repositories that can be cloned using the standard git command line, `git clone`. This means App-style integrations like GitHub Apps are not currently supported, as their workflow of managing files leverages a REST API.
```

@jeffkala?
